I'm looking at paper, I'm figuring out paper of the final elastic boundaries, underscore
R, underscore B, for the, this is version 4B, elastic bound, versus R, for the, for instance,
all the variables.
So, a few notes, just in general, you need to include user functions for offices testing
and other variables, and a deletion of our own units in, say, a grand package.
At some point, I want to include necessary and special conditions for running the RMA
that is equal to RMAx.
Moving to the organization of the paper, in the 4D version, table of contents, I have several
elements, including adding a section 2.3 asymmetry in the section 2 theoretical framework.
In section 2.3, I want to add a subsection, 2.3.1, estimation and joint uncertainty,
and then include a visualization here.
We need to include a visualization in section 3.1, possible metrics of the screen.
For all images, we need to
claim what we say, to include a visualization in section 3 or asymmetry.
Section 5 is currently titled monthly primary simulations, particularly the visualization
of RMA by RMAx.
Section 6, as I have a note to include, is section 6.5, which is a discussion
comparing the visualizations of RMAx and RMAx from section 5, with what it looks like in section 0.1.9
in space 9, discussion and implications.
Section 7 inclusions, expand extensions, and introduce correlation matrices.
It's well known that any correlation matrix in symmetric and positive
should try some great deliverables, not really going to be
make linear transformations in makers S.
This has implications for PCA, vector universes, and spectral equation.
Present these little preliminary results, show the expected linear distribution for all pairs,
and if we make this consistent, we can get a minimum of S prime, but here we ask,
is S prime guaranteed to be possible, so we'll grab in it.
Question mark, invertible question mark, we can look at some MCM's, some multi-partial results.
Have a note that looks like condition, linearity is clearly makes invertibility of correlation
if it becomes worse, means that the condition will be right.
That is all.
